Completed for initial publication (#1)
investsuite/investsuite-api-docs: docs/index.md

---
title: InvestSuite API
---

> Welcome to the InvestSuite API developer documentation. Glad you're integrating with InvestSuite. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to the InvestSuite API developer documentation. Glad you're integrating with InvestSuite! 
```

Before going further let's make sure you've come to the right place. These pages provide technical documentation to assist developers in working with our APIs. We assume you've determined with our specialists the type of integration you’d like to set up and are ready to dive right in. If not and instead you would like to know more about our products, get in touch with a team member; become a team member even? [Reach out and we will very quickly respond.](https://www.investsuite.com/contact) 

## About this API

> You are looking at the API developer documentation for **version: v 0.1.0**

> The InvestSuite API is an Open API 3.0 compliant API for developers to easily integrate with InvestSuite products and services.  It is a REST API **specifically suited for backend integration efforts**. Common use cases for the InvestSuite API are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The InvestSuite API is an Open API 3.0 compliant API for developers to easily integrate with InvestSuite products and services.  It is a REST API **specifically designed for backend-to-backend integrations**. Common use cases for the InvestSuite API are:
```

- Feed portfolio and transaction data from your system into the InvestSuite system
- Bulk export user and portfolio data
- Read and manage financial instrument data and instrument classification for thematic investing
- Receive portfolio optimisations

> - Update cash positions

Reviewer: Maybe we can have a "How to" chapter, and each of these items in this list can be hyperlinks to one of the how to sections?

Author: Jep, eventually

## About InvestSuite

> InvestSuite provides wealthtech solutions to banks, brokers, wealth managers and other financial institutions in Europe, the Middle East, Asia and the Americas. Our suite of products consists of Portfolio Optimizer, StoryTeller, Robo Advisor and Self Investor, all world class digital investment solutions to serve your clients better.  More info visit [www.investsuite.com](https://www.investsuite.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
InvestSuite provides wealthtech solutions to banks, brokers, wealth managers and other financial institutions in Europe, the Middle East, Asia and the Americas. Our suite of products consists of Portfolio Optimizer, StoryTeller, Robo Advisor and Self Investor, all world class digital investment solutions to serve your clients better. For more information, please visit [www.investsuite.com](https://www.investsuite.com).
```
